add link to opentracing-tutorial #449 (#450)
jaegertracing/jaeger-client-node: README.md

Note that this library is not designed to run in the browser, only in the Node.js-backend servers. For browser-only version, see https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-client-javascript.

> To get up and running follow the get started [tutorial](https://github.com/yurishkuro/opentracing-tutorial/tree/master/nodejs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [OpenTracing tutorial](https://github.com/yurishkuro/opentracing-tutorial/tree/master/nodejs) for the introduction on using the OpenTracing API and the Jaeger SDK.
```
